docs/MODULES.md, before:

# Modules

WebFont Loader provides a generic module system so that any web font provider
may be used. The specifics of each provider are documented here.


## Google

Using Google's Font API, name the font families you'd like to load.

    WebFont.load({
      google: {
        families: ['Droid Sans', 'Droid Serif']
      }
    });

Learn more about the [Google Font API][gfontapi]. You can also supply the `text` parameter to perform character subsetting:

    WebFont.load({
      google: {
        families: ['Droid Sans', 'Droid Serif'],
        text: 'abcdedfghijklmopqrstuvwxyz!'
      }
    });

This functionality is only available for the Google module.

## Typekit

When using Typekit, specify the Kit to retrieve by its ID. You can find this
ID within Typekit's Kit Editor interface.

    WebFont.load({
      typekit: {
        id: 'xxxxxx'
      }
    });

Learn more about [Typekit][tk].

## Fontdeck

To use Fontdeck, specify the ID of your website. You can find this ID on the
website page within your account settings.

    WebFont.load({
      fontdeck: {
        id: 'xxxxx'
      }
    });

Learn more about [Fontdeck][fd].

## Fonts.com web fonts

When using [Fonts.com web fonts][mtiwfs]

(First sign up for [Fonts.com web fonts][mtiwfs]. Create a project, choose fonts to add into the created project and retrieve your Project ID. You can find this Project ID in the "Publish" tab).

    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google.com/jsapi"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      WebFont.load({
        monotype: {
          projectId: 'xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx'
        }
      });
    </script>

Or as pure Fonts.com Web fonts API

    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://fast.fonts.com/jsapi/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx.js"></script>

## Custom

To load fonts from any external stylesheet, use the `custom` module. Here you'll
need to specify both the url of the stylesheet as well as the font families it
provides.

    WebFont.load({
      custom: {
        families: ['My Font', 'My Other Font'],
        urls: ['/fonts.css']
      }
    });


[gfontapi]: https://code.google.com/apis/webfonts/docs/getting_started.html
[tk]: http://typekit.com/
[fd]: http://fontdeck.com/
[mtiwfs]: http://webfonts.fonts.com/

Commit message:

Font variations for custom loader w/tests & docs
Added font variation support for the custom loader. variations are
appended to the family name using the FVD notation like so:

    WebFont.load({
      custom: {
        families: ['My Font', 'My Other Font:n4,i4,n7'],
        urls: ['/fonts.css']
      }
    });

Includes tests and update to the documentation.

Based on code by https://github.com/jessegrosjean.

docs/MODULES.md, after:

# Modules

WebFont Loader provides a generic module system so that any web font provider
may be used. The specifics of each provider are documented here.


## Google

Using Google's Font API, name the font families you'd like to load.

    WebFont.load({
      google: {
        families: ['Droid Sans', 'Droid Serif']
      }
    });

Learn more about the [Google Font API][gfontapi]. You can also supply the `text` parameter to perform character subsetting:

    WebFont.load({
      google: {
        families: ['Droid Sans', 'Droid Serif'],
        text: 'abcdedfghijklmopqrstuvwxyz!'
      }
    });

This functionality is only available for the Google module.

## Typekit

When using Typekit, specify the Kit to retrieve by its ID. You can find this
ID within Typekit's Kit Editor interface.

    WebFont.load({
      typekit: {
        id: 'xxxxxx'
      }
    });

Learn more about [Typekit][tk].

## Fontdeck

To use Fontdeck, specify the ID of your website. You can find this ID on the
website page within your account settings.

    WebFont.load({
      fontdeck: {
        id: 'xxxxx'
      }
    });

Learn more about [Fontdeck][fd].

## Fonts.com web fonts

When using [Fonts.com web fonts][mtiwfs]

(First sign up for [Fonts.com web fonts][mtiwfs]. Create a project, choose fonts to add into the created project and retrieve your Project ID. You can find this Project ID in the "Publish" tab).

    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://www.google.com/jsapi"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript">
      WebFont.load({
        monotype: {
          projectId: 'xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx'
        }
      });
    </script>

Or as pure Fonts.com Web fonts API

    <script type="text/javascript" src="http://fast.fonts.com/jsapi/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx.js"></script>

## Custom

To load fonts from any external stylesheet, use the `custom` module. Here you'll
need to specify both the url of the stylesheet as well as the font families it
provides.

You can specify a specific font variation or set of variations to load and watch
by appending the variations separated by commas to the family name separated by 
a colon. variations are specified using (FVD notation)[fvd].

    WebFont.load({
      custom: {
        families: ['My Font', 'My Other Font:n4,i4,n7'],
        urls: ['/fonts.css']
      }
    });


[gfontapi]: https://code.google.com/apis/webfonts/docs/getting_started.html
[tk]: http://typekit.com/
[fd]: http://fontdeck.com/
[mtiwfs]: http://webfonts.fonts.com/
[fvd]: https://github.com/typekit/fvd
